Acd 839 (#62)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Core1Platform/UserInterface/02_Dashboard.md

[!!Manage dashboards](../UsingCore1/05_ManageDashboard.md)

# Dashboards

*Actindo Dashboard*

![Core1 Platform](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/Core1.png "[Core1 Platform]")

In the *Actindo Dashboard*, the custom tabs with composable dashlets are displayed. By default no tab is created.

- ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus06.png "[Add]") (Add)   

>     Click this button to add a new tab to display different dashlets. The *Add a new tab* window is displayed.

Author: Erübrigt sich, wenn es sowieso rausfliegt

- ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Cross04.png "[Delete]") (Delete)   
    Click this button to delete the selected tab. The *Confirm tab deletion* window is displayed. This button is displayed to the right of the tab name.

## Add tab

*Actindo Dashboard > Button Add*

> ![Create new tab](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/UsingCore1/DashboardAddNewTab.png "[Create new tab]")

Reviewer: Hier heißt es Create tab

**Create tab**

> 

Reviewer: Vielleicht hier ausnahmeweise den Screenshot packen, damit es konsistent mit dem *Import tab* ist? Also, 
Create tab
Screenshot
Beschreibung

Import tab
Screenshot
Beschreibung

> - *Tab Name*   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Tab name*   
```

Author: done

    Enter a name for the new tab.

- [CANCEL]   
    Click this button to cancel creating a tab. The *Add a new tab* window is closed.

- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the tab with the entered name. The *Add a new tab* window is closed. The new tab is created.

**Import tab**

![Import tab](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/UsingCore1/DashboardImport.png "[Import tab]")

- *Dashboard selection*   

>     Select a module-specific dashboard that you have already created before.   

Reviewer: Click the drop-down list to select...
already created before -> redundant?

Author: done

- [CANCEL]   

>     Click this button to cancel creating a tab. The *Add a new tab* window is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to cancel importing a tab. The *Add tab* window is closed.
```

Author: done

- [SAVE]   

>     Click this button to save the tab with the entered name. The *Add a new tab* window is closed. The new tab is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to save the selected tab. The *Add a tab* window is closed. The selected tab is imported.
```

Author: done da ist nichts selektiert

- [CANCEL]   
    Click this button to cancel deleting the selected tab. The *Confirm tab deletion* window is closed.

- [ACCEPT]   
    Click this button to delete the selected tab. The *Confirm tab deletion* window is closed. The tab and its dashlets are deleted.

## Tab

*Actindo Dashboard > Select tab*   
*Actindo Dashboard > Button Add > Button Save*   

![New tab](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/UsingCore1/DashboardNewTab.png "[New tab]")

 ![Settings](../../Assets/Icons/Settings01.png "[Tool]") (Settings)   
Click this button to edit the tab. The *Edit tab* view is displayed.  

### Edit tab

*Actindo Dashboard > Select tab > Button Settings*   
*Actindo Dashboard > Button Add > Button Save > Button Settings*  

![Edit tab](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/UsingCore1/DashboardEditTab.png "[Edit tab]")

- *Select Viewport*   
    Click the drop-down list to select the view to be applied to the tab. A different view can be selected for each tab. The drop-down list is only displayed in the *Edit tab* view. The following options are available:    
    - **Automatic**   

>         The system automatically chooses the dashboard that has a suitable size for the current device.

Reviewer: Ist das der "Dashboard" oder die Ansicht des Dashbaords, den/die vom System abhängig von Gerät auswählt wird. Für die unteren Beschreibungen: ist das "Größe des Dashboards" oder "Layout/Ansicht"? Im Sandbox sehe ich kaum unterschied... In DataHub Dashboard wird anders erklärt. Evtl. Julian/Entwicklung fragen, wie es gemeint ist?

Author: hatte Julian schon gefragt

- ![Cancel](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cancel]") (Cancel)   
    Click this button to cancel editing the tab. Any changes are rejected. The *Edit tab* view is closed.

- *Dashlet*   
    Hover over a dashlet until the cursor icon changes to the cross arrows cursor. Then move the dashlet on the predefined grid using drag and drop.    
    To remove a dashlet from the tab, click the ![Remove](../../Assets/Icons/Cross03.png "[Remove]") (Remove) button in the upper right corner of the dashlet.  

### Dashlet picker

*Actindo Dashboard > Select tab > Button Settings > Button ADD ELEMENT*   
*Actindo Dasboard > Button Add > Button Save > Button Settings > Button ADD ELEMENT*  

![Dashlet picker](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/UsingCore1/DashboardDashletPicker.png "[Dashlet picker]")

- [x]    
    Select a checkbox to add the selected dashlet to the tab. You can select multiple checkboxes. If you click the checkbox in the header, all dashlets in the list are selected. A toolbar indicating the number of selected dashlets is displayed above the list when you have selected at least one checkbox.   
    By default, the following dashlets are available:  

>     > [INFO] For some statistic dashlets, you can influence the data to be evaluated. These dashlets are indicated with an ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points02.png "[Points]") (Edit dashlet) button in the upper right corner. Click the button to define the period or the data set to be evaluated.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > [Info] For some statistic dashlets, you can influence the data to be evaluated. These dashlets are indicated with an ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points02.png "[Points]") (Points) button in the upper right corner. Click the button to define the period or the data set to be evaluated.   
```

>     Additionally, the *Force cash refresh* toggle is available for some dashlets. If you enable the toggle, the data is newly evalatuated. Note that this might take some time.   

Reviewer: cash -> cache

Author: done

>     **Actindo Workflow engine**    

Reviewer: Vermutlich hängt die Info, also die Module, die hier angezeigt werden, davon ab, was für Module der Kunde installiert hat, also evtl. weglassen?

Author: da geht es um was ganz anderes

>     For detailed information, see [Dashlet picker](../../ActindoWorkFlow/UserInterface/01a_Overview.md#dashlet-picker "Dashlet picker") in the *Actindo Work Flow Engine* documentation.

Reviewer: Das Modul heiß in Overview *Actindo Work Flow Engine (Workflows)*... den Namen hat sich aber jetzt offiziell geändert, also nur *Workflows*, oder?
https://github.com/Actindo-AG/Documentation/blob/ACD-839/ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/01_General.md

    
    
    <!--- to be deleted: *Current failure count*   
            Displays the number of workflows that have currently an *Error* status.	
    - *Workflow count*   
            Displays the number of workflows in the *Workflows* module.
    - *Waiting processes*      
          Displays the number of processes not yet started.   -->

    **Omni-Channel**  

>     For detailed information, see [Dashlet picker](../../Channels/UserInterface/01a_Dashboards.md#dashlet-picker "Dashlet picker") in the *Actindo Channels* documentation.

Reviewer: (Actindo) *Omni-Channel* documentantion

Author: done

    
    

    <!---- *Channels Status*	   
            Displays the status of each connection. The dashlet displays the period since the last update. You can refresh the data evaluation. With the "more.." references you are able to directly open the related Omni-Channel views.
    - *Statistics by Channel*   
            Displays the statistics of each connection.
    - *Connector Summary*   
            Displays a summary of each connection.
    - *Statistics over Time*   
            Displays the statistics of each connection over time.
    - *Connection Status*   
            Displays the status of each connection. You can display all active or inactive connections.-->
            
    **Actindo DataHub**   

>         For detailed information, see [Dashlet picker](../../DataHub/UserInterface/01a_Dashboards.md#dashlet-picker "Dashlet picker") in the *Actindo Channels* documentation.

Reviewer: Actindo DataHub documentation

Author: done

    -	*Mapping Errors*   
            Displays a chart with the number of mapping errors in the *DataHub* module.
    -	*New and Changed Values*   
            Displays a line chart with the number of new and changed values within a certain period of time in the *DataHub* module.
    -	*Modified Values by Set for Today*   
            Displays a chart with the number of today's modified values within an attribute set in the *DataHub* module.
    -	*Current Mapping Statistics*   
            Displays a bar chart with the average and current number of mappings. These numbers are displayed for the waiting, the successful and all mappings in the *DataHub* module.
    -	*ETL Mapping History*   
            Displays a chart with the history of mapping number for the waiting, the successful and all mappings in the *DataHub* module.
    -	*DataHub Flow*   
            Displays a flow chart with connection of mappings between the different entities. By enabling the *Show Disconnected Nodes* toggle, also those entities without any mapping connection are displayed in the flow chart.   -->

>     **Fakturierung (Order Management System (OMS))** <!---Hallo Julian, diese hier habe ich mir zusammengereimt--> 

Reviewer: Order management

Author: done

    - *Orders*  

>             Displays the number of orders for the specified time interval. In addition, it shows the ratio in percent compared to the previous month.

Reviewer: This dashlet displays... 
(konsistent mit der verlinkten Doku in anderen Modulen)

Author: Schlimm genug, dass da 30 mal displays steht..... die verlinkte Doku kommt sowieso raus

    - *Dispatched Orders (via AIQS)*   
            <!---Julian, was ist AIQS?--> 
    - *New customers*   
            Displays the number of new customers for the specified time interval. In addition, it shows the ratio in percent compared to the previous month.  
    - *Average order size (EUR)*   

>             Displays the average order size in Euro for the specified time interval. In addition, it shows the ratio in percent compared to the previous month. 

Reviewer: sollte euro auf Englisch nicht klein sein?

Author: USD wird auch groß geschrieben
